Age of prime year vs. Weight:

  11/9/2022
  While data collection is seemingly scarce for the Clarkson Baseball Team, while I find solutions I am going to continue practicing my statistical analysis skills with this project.

  I am going to be using Baseball Savant and Lahman database data to answer the question:

  Attempting to answer the question: Is there a correlation between size and what age a player plays their best?
  Hypothesis: Players that weigh more have a later prime season opposed to players that weigh less.
  
  11/11/2022
  Looked into best options for collecting the data I need. Baseball savant has data that is easily tabulated into a csv file.
  I can choose whatever fields I want but there is no option for weight so I will need to get that data elsewhere. 

  First idea that came to mind was to get data from the Lahman database and merge weight data. 
  Then I just needed to know how I was going to merge them. 
  I went into R and put together a table using the Lahman Database package that included First and Last name, weight, and the last game they played. 
  The idea is that the first and last names can be used as a key to merge the tables and the final data can be used to filter the data to a manageable size.
  
  11/20/2022
  With the data now collected I need to perform a hypothesis test using the table.
  STAT389 has helped me gain the skills to do a lot of this analysis. I wonder how my abilities will develop as I take more classes.
  
  12/1/2022
  Wow. There was so much trouble shooting to try and figure out why the tables were not merging. 
  It turns out the baseball savant database just had a random space in front of the players first names. 
  Took way too much time. I guess that's just how being a data scientist is sometimes.
 
Pitch Usage vs. Strikeout Data:

  12/10/2022
  If I were going to be doing analysis using Clarkson baseball data, I would want to discover trends among the team and in the league. 
  This means discovering effective strategies and non-effective strategies.
  Using baseball savant data, I am doing a deep dive into the effectiveness of introducing more pitches into a pitchers arsenal.
  This will be done by forming a dataset of pitchers and the pitch usage data and taking a sample of pitchers that use at least 4 pitches.
  
  12/11/2022
  Null hypothesis: μ = mean(strikeout%) = 22.56
  Alternative hypothesis: μ ≠ 22.56

  Conclusion: The null hypothesis is rejected. Pitchers who throw more than 4 pitches at least 15% of the time strikeout less batters than average.

  This test helped me improve my pandas skills which I am now getting fairly confident with.
  
