9/20/2022
Today I spent some time working on my Python skills. 
I set out to learn what an exception is and how to use it. 
I did this because when creating a database it is important to keep track of types. 
You want to be able to ensure that the new data entering your dataset is the correct type. 
This is where working with exceptions come in. 
The way that I implemented this was by creating a function that validates the type which I am looking to be added to a column in the dataset. 
If the type does not match it catches the error and asks the user for a new input.

Links: Python - Exceptions Handling (tutorialspoint.com)


9/22/2022
Beginning research process for Liberty League database by looking into the retrosheet database. 
Retrosheet is an organization that compiles all the play-by-play data in the MLB into one database. 
The formatting used here can help me learn what I need in order to compile data for the Liberty League. 

10/11/2022
Met up with Coach Kane to confirm on same page and establish connections with the sports information director Tommy Skarza.
Plan to meet with him in the next week. 

Goals to discuss: I am looking to develop shift statistics. Is there accessible and tabulated data that I can use for that?

Need to learn more Jupyter Lab

10/15/2022
Today I am learning to become more fluent in Jupyter Lab by becoming more familiar with the interface.
This means learning the shortcuts and different ways I can become quicker at acomplishing what I need to.
Eventually, I would like to be able to perform analysis much quicker than I currently am, however this is a good starting place.

10/24/2022
Becoming familiar with Pandas methods and functions:
	.loc: used to locate information in the dataframe
	.iloc: the same as loc but you use the index
 These are essential for grabbing values from any dataset, it is key to become well-equipped with these.
 They can also be used to make what is called a "mask" or an array of booleans which are really useful for filtering datasets.
 These are the types of actions and data manipulations that I need to learn because for the sake of data cleaning and things of that nature.
 
 11/7/2022
 I am finding that the resources to receive data on the baseball team are increasingly limiting.
 I will need to find a solution to the lack of readable data. 
 In the meantime however, I need to achieve the original goal of learning to analyze baseball data.
 As a result, I am going to begin looking into baseball data related projects I can do so I can become familiar with the process.
 
 11/10/2022
 It is very important that I begin assessing different areas of inquiry that I would be able to apply to multiple applications such as the mlb or clarkson's team
 	Possible figures of exploration:
		○ Is there a correlation between how player performance and amount of time spentplaying in a league?
    ○ Is there a correlation between age, on field performance, and weight/size?
